feat: allow to enable prometheus integration (#8)
eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-celery: README.md

CELERY_FLOWER: true
```

#### Enable Flower Prometheus Integration

If you are running grafana you can use the attached [config map](resources/configmap.yaml) to import a custom Grafana dashboard to monitor
celery metrics such as:

- Total Queue Length
- Queue Length by task name
- Celery Worker Status
- Number of Tasks Currently Executing at Worker
- Average Task Runtime at Worker
- Task Prefetch Time at Worker
- Number of Tasks Prefetched at Worker
- Tasks Success Ratio
- Tasks Failure Ratio

> Make sure to enable the ServiceMonitor resource to inform Prometheus to scrape metrics from the flower service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) you can enable a ServiceMonitor resource to automatically configure a scrape target for the flower service.
```
